so Tara and I used to live partially in
the city and partially on these 200
acres and there was this moment where
she's sitting in her Miata revving her
engine threatening to run me over and I
am sitting AB above with a pitchfork
which was the closest thing threatening
to hit the hood of her car like that's
how bad our fights got at the beginning
and oh it was just it was brutal I I
never physically hit her right but and
she never physically hit me but
the but it was it was like those fights
were brutal and something that we
realize is that there's certain things
in fighting and I think everybody knows
this but I I think it's important to say
it which is there's certain things in
fighting
that take a long time to heal if you if
you do in a fight it's going to take a
long time to heal the threat of any kind
of physical violence is is going to take
a long time to heal any kind of physical
violence like the nervous system our
nervous system even if our minds say oh
I know that they were just our nervous
system is like oh that's real and we're
going to we're like we're going to be
like this around them every time they
get angry and then their anger can't be
okay and then we can't heal through that
anger yelling um insults is another like
insulting somebody that can have the
same kind of big emotional like hit and
that it erodes trust over a long period
of time generally threatening somebody
with future stuff I'm going to divorce
you I'm going to cheat on you any of
those big threats are going to be
incredibly damaging and it's going to
take a long time to heal out of those
and so the thing about a fight is if you
go past a certain
limit it's going to actually be
traumatizing instead of healing the
trauma so you can have a disagreement
that heals the trauma you can have a
disagreement that
fights if you're threatening if you're
any kind of physical violence if you're
um making threats in the future if you
are insulting anything like that you're
going to be
incredibly important or you're going to
start going in the wrong direction it's
going to get ret traumatizing instead of
healing of the trauma that the fight is
eliciting in you and so that's that's
like a critical piece and when tar and I
made those agreements and we talked
about agreements and I highly recommend
putting these things in the
agreements that was like the first and
most important step in turning our
fights into something that became
healing
that became evolutionary for us that
became transformative that helped us
become better people is just like making
it a safe playing field and so that is
absolutely critical
[Music]